all right fellas they spoil you yeah
i'll leave us be wee man we're just
having a quiet chat
cause i've been waiting to expand my
property portfolio
get myself a replacement yeah well we'll
wish you all the best with your search
i think my search fellas i'm just
leaving here on your heat
ah you can't do that we man i'm a living
creature with feelings of rights
rights
right i'm away doing the council about
this
in a game of satisfaction all right
well we'll move into another river swim
after your mommies
right seven words film the whole thing
teamwork wobble ed wobble head wobble
lead two
uh stewart little stewart little oh oh
um escape from alcatraz uh battery's not
included
oh up down head hook down head uh noddy
not noddy and biggie
desert queen of the desert leave in las
vegas
[Music]
harry potter and the half blood prince
yes how did you get that
he's only seen one film it's not easy
being a camel you know
i mean it's not like we're anyone's
favorite animal
is it and it's not for the lack of
trying
horses oh yeah everyone loves them uh
great aren't they horses
just a graceful loyal self-satisfied
pampered sniveling little my little
ponies every last one of them
you show me a humble horse mate and i'll
show you
a unicorn they don't exist i mean we
even bend down
so you can get on our backs you think
that would count for something but oh no
look at the horse mummy i want a horse
[Music]
foreign